406 Human Pose Estimation 3D (#606)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/README.md

# 3D Human Pose Estimation with OpenVINO 

> [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F224-human-pose-estimation-3d%2F)

Reviewer: This binder link is incorrect. Please remove it. We will add the proper one later.

> [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam%2F406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam%2F406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb)
```

> [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam%2F406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks.git/main?labpath=notebooks%2F406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam%2F406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb)
```

*Binder is a free service where the webcam will not work, and performance on the video will not be good. For best performance, we recommend installing the notebooks locally.*

![pose estimation_webgl](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183292131-576cc05a-a724-472c-8dc9-f6bc092190bf.gif)

> This demo contains 3D multi-person pose estimation demo. Intel OpenVINO™ backend can be used for fast inference on CPU. This demo is based on [Lightweight OpenPose](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.12004) and [Single-Shot Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.03453) papers. It detects 2D coordinates of up to 18 types of keypoints: ears, eyes, nose, neck, shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees, and ankles, as well as their 3D coordinates.

Reviewer 2: Suggested modification: "This demo contains 3D multi-person pose estimation demo. Intel OpenVINO™ can be used to accelerate the inference on multiple devices, such as CPU, GPU and VPU. The model used in this demo is based on [Lightweight OpenPose](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.12004) and [Single-Shot Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.03453) papers. It detects 2D coordinates of up to 18 types of keypoints: ears, eyes, nose, neck, shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees, and ankles, as well as their 3D coordinates. These 3D coordinates of the keypoints could be used to construct the 3D display of the human poses. Also, this 3D display method could be extended to display other 3D models..."

# 3D Human Pose Estimation with OpenVINO 

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F224-human-pose-estimation-3d%2F)
*Binder is a free service where the webcam will not work, and performance on the video will not be good. For best performance, we recommend installing the notebooks locally.*

![pose estimation_webgl](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183292131-576cc05a-a724-472c-8dc9-f6bc092190bf.gif)

> ![pose estimation_opencv](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183285240-4ac00639-ceba-4b65-a783-be66a372ac8e.gif)

Reviewer 3: Could you help to add some comments to illuminate the difference between these 2 notebooks ?

# 3D Human Pose Estimation with OpenVINO 

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks.git/master?labpath=notebooks%2F224-human-pose-estimation-3d%2F)
*Binder is a free service where the webcam will not work, and performance on the video will not be good. For best performance, we recommend installing the notebooks locally.*

![pose estimation_webgl](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183292131-576cc05a-a724-472c-8dc9-f6bc092190bf.gif)
![pose estimation_opencv](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183285240-4ac00639-ceba-4b65-a783-be66a372ac8e.gif)

> This demo contains 3D multi-person pose estimation demo. Intel OpenVINO™ backend can be used for fast inference on CPU. This demo is based on [Lightweight OpenPose](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.12004) and [Single-Shot Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.03453) papers. It detects 2D coordinates of up to 18 types of keypoints: ears, eyes, nose, neck, shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees, and ankles, as well as their 3D coordinates.

Reviewer 3: Could you help to design a table to list each notebook's name, introduction and gif example ? to make it more clear for our users.
Like what we did in top README file:
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/edit/main/README.md

## Notebook Contents

This notebook uses the model to estimate 3D human pose and draw them in 2D screen. The input source can be video files or webcam.

> This folder has 2 notebooks, the [406-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) displays 3D results to the browser using [Three.js python api](https://pythreejs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html). The [406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) uses the OpenCV toolkit to map and save the 3D result into a 2D image and display it in the notebook

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This notebook has 2 examples: 
- the [406-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) displays 3D results to the browser using [Three.js python api](https://pythreejs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html). 
- The [406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) uses the OpenCV toolkit to map and save the 3D result into a 2D image and display it in the notebook
```

> This folder has 2 notebooks, the [406-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) displays 3D results to the browser using [Three.js python api](https://pythreejs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html). The [406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation notebook](https://github.com/spencergotowork/openvino_notebooks/blob/master/notebooks/406-3D-pose-estimation-webcam/406-opencv-3D-pose-estimation.ipynb) uses the OpenCV toolkit to map and save the 3D result into a 2D image and display it in the notebook

Reviewer 3: Could you help to design a table to list each notebook's name, introduction and gif example ? to make it more clear for our users.
Like what we did in top README file:
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/edit/main/README.md

*Binder is a free service where the webcam will not work, and performance on the video will not be good. For best performance, we recommend installing the notebooks locally.*

![pose estimation_webgl](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42672437/183292131-576cc05a-a724-472c-8dc9-f6bc092190bf.gif)

This notebook contains a 3D multi-person pose estimation demo.The model used in this demo is based on [Lightweight OpenPose](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.12004) and [Single-Shot Multi-Person 3D Pose Estimation From Monocular RGB](https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.03453). It detects 2D coordinates of up to 18 types of keypoints: ears, eyes, nose, neck, shoulders, elbows, wrists, hips, knees, and ankles, as well as their 3D coordinates, which could then be used to construct the 3D display of human poses. OpenVINO™ is used to accelerate the inference on multiple devices, such as CPU, GPU and VPU. Also, this 3D display method could be extended to display the inference results of other 3D models without much effort.

## Notebook Contents

> This notebook uses the "human-pose-estimation-3d-0001" model from OpenVINO Open Model Zoo, to estimate 3D human pose and draw them in 2D screen. Details of the model could be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/human-pose-estimation-3d-0001). The input source could be video files or webcam. It uses the [Three.js python api](https://pythreejs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html) to display 3D results in the web browsers. Note that to display the 3D inference results properly, for Windows and Ubuntu, Chrome is recommended to be used as the web browser. While for MacOS, Safari is recommended.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This notebook uses the "human-pose-estimation-3d-0001" model from OpenVINO Open Model Zoo, to estimate 3D human pose and represent on a 2D screen. Details of the model can be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/public/human-pose-estimation-3d-0001). The input source could be video files or a webcam. It uses the [Three.js](https://pythreejs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installing.html Python API to display 3D results in a web browser. Note that to display the 3D inference results properly, for Windows and Ubuntu, Chrome is recommended as the web browser. While on macOS, Safari is recommended.
```
